### *#* **Saitama's Realization**
###### by DaReal_HyGLobalHD, HyGlobalHD, AcNEO, The Thirteen (or just mehh)
----
```Author note: Everything in this story is fictional, and any credits are in their rightfull owners.```

``Author Note: Please read the original Story/Manga before read this as it contained some of the spoiler``

``+`` **[Share This Story](https://github.com/The-Thirteen/Path-To-Strong)**

----

```- ``` "So your name is Saitama huh?", an ugly fat worker that supposedly to interview Saitama said.

```- ``` "yes sir!", Saitama respond.

```- ``` "you are still young, without any experience in this field, i'm sorry, but you can't work with us.", said the fatty with a creep faint smile.

```- ``` Saitama was like... huh??!! , he just entered this room for about 5 minutes and already been rejected??!! Only 1 question he asked... and that is to confirm he is Saitama??!! what the heck!!

```- ``` Saitama left the room with bitter expersions. Cruel world he live indeed. Then he saw a beutifull woman that came for an interview too, but after only she 6 minutes she get out from the room with a happy expression.

```- ``` Saitama was dumbfolded, cruel world it is. Saitama quickly left the premise.

```- ``` Saitama who were only 21 years old, without any relative to depended on. His achievement in studies is only average. What more, he didn't even managed to find a job after he graduate... He is such a failure.

```- ``` 'Sigh', Saitama could only bitterly go back home.


----

```- ``` "Aaahhhh!!!!!",  a hysteriacal scream that would could make your ear to bleed was created, after a crab looking monster killed a person after questioning him.

```- ``` "Kukukuku, so it's a brat who did it, he's dead for sure", the monster spoke quitely.

```- ``` While the crab-like monster was killing everyone that in his path, Saitama by chance met him.

```- ``` "Hmm??", the crab-like monster pounder.

```- ``` "Why you din't run away?? Do you wanted to die?? I can see based on your cloth that you a worker right??", the crab monster asked.

```- ``` "Sigh", Saitama really blame himself for having a super bad luck, just now he didn't get a job, and now he by chance met with a monster, what a luck.

```- ``` "Fistly, you are right about one thing, however I'm un-empoleyed, I'm currently in a job hunting, and just now I failed miserably with the interview...", Satama said with a life-less eye.

```- ``` "Heh", the crab-like monster grin and walked past Saitama.

```- ``` "Kukuku, You reminded me of my old self, anyway I currently hunting a different prey, it's a brat with a cleft chin", the crab-like monster said and left the scene.

```- ``` Ughh... now I even get myself pited from a monster?!! what a joke!

```- ``` Saitama continued his journey back home...

----

```- ``` "Hey kiddo! You over there! Wanna buy this candy?? It is cheap you know!", a grandma who at the front of a store shouted after she saw Saitama walking in front of her store.

```- ``` Saitama was stunned, looking at the grandma, he felt like he need to help her with her bussiness. Checking his pocket, he only found 900 yen.

```- ``` "Umm.. Granny, How much for one candy?", Saitam asked.

```- ``` "Only 100 yen", the granny said with a smile.

```- ``` The heck!! so expensive!! Saitama thought.

```- ``` "I take one please", Saitama said while giving 100 yen.

```- ``` "Here, and thank you.", said the granny, then she gave Saitama a piece of a candy and took the 100 yen.

```- ``` "haha... your welcome", Saitama quickly goes away, afraid that he would be scamed again.

----

```- ``` Saitama continued his way to his house, while sucking at the candy he brought from the granny.

```- ``` Ughh... this suck, my house is way damn far...

```- ``` Hmm??, a cliff chin brat playing a soccer? what an ugly looking guy.

```- ``` Saitama then realised something, it is the cliff chin brat!!

```- ``` "hey brat! did you messed with a crab monster dude guy?", saitama asked.

```- ``` "huh? yeah i did, i saw him sleeping at the park, then i drew nipples on him.", said that kid.

```- ``` What the ..!! it really is him! Shoot, should I tell him? but really he is really an ugly kid...

```- ``` "Kukukuku.... I finally find you fcking brat!!", the sudden appearence crab-like monster said.

```- ``` "Now... DIE!!!", said the crab-like monster while trying to assult the kid.

```- ``` fck... what should I do?? Saitama thought. Tch.. what-ever.

```- ``` Saitama quickly saved the kid.

```- ``` "Hmm?? what you're doing??", looking at Saitama who just saved the brat the crab-like monster asked.

```- ``` "Come on man, it just a mere child prank, you don't need t kill em, huf huff", said Saitama while huffing....

```- ``` "A mere child prank??!! he draw a fckng tits on me with a permanent marker pens!!! I the Crabinate has never been humilatied as such before!! And what more! I can't even wash off this sht because of my crabby hand!! Anyway! after i killed so many people because of that brat, there is no turning back.", said Crabinate while retorting's Saitama word.

```- ``` Crap... this guy can't even reasoning, look like we must do this with violence...but do I have a chance of wining..?? Tsk... If I could have someone it will be worth it.

```- ``` "Kid!! quickly run! this monster wanted to kill you!", shouted Saitama.

```- ``` "but... my soccer ball..", said the kid while pointing at his soccer ball near the monster.

```- ``` What the??!! this kid is dumb!!

```- ``` "Who cares!! quickly run!", shouted Saitama.

```- ``` "Kukuku... you can't run from me kid.. I'll kill you!!", said Crabinate while hurriedly chasing the brat..

```- ``` Tsk.. persistance bastard.... Saitama hurriedly chase the crab monster, while pondering how should he deal the monster.

```- ``` "Kukuku, you will die now!!", Crabinate said after he catch up with the brat, the trying to assult the brat, however....

```- ``` "You will not!!!!", said Saitama while jumping above Crabinate and then using his tie, he tied the crabinate's eye and pull it by using the momentum.

```- ``` Finally the crabinate died just like that.

```- ``` "Fuh", 



---
###### Author Note: Please be informed that this story is only a **bit** based on the real story.
###### Last edit at 4:39 PM 01/05/2018
---
###### Copyrights 2018 ( C ) The Thirteen